[Merged by Bors] - restructured usage guide & new landing page (#344)
stackabletech/superset-operator: docs/modules/superset/pages/usage-guide/connecting-druid.adoc

= Connecting Apache Druid clusters

The operator can automatically connect Superset to Apache Druid clusters managed by the https://docs.stackable.tech/druid/index.html[Stackable Druid Cluster].

To do so, create a _DruidConnection_ resource:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: superset.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: DruidConnection
metadata:
  name: superset-druid-connection
spec:
  superset:
    name: superset
    namespace: default
  druid:
    name: my-druid-cluster
    namespace: default

----

The `name` and `namespace` in `spec.superset` refer to the Superset cluster that you want to connect. Following our example above, the name is `superset`.

In `spec.druid` you specify the `name` and `namespace` of your Druid cluster.

The `namespace` part is optional; if it is omitted it will default to the namespace of the DruidConnection.

> The namespace for the Superset and Druid cluster can be omitted, in that case the Operator will assume that they are in the same namespace as the DruidConnection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The namespace for both the Superset and Druid clusters can be omitted, in which case the Operator will assume that they are in the same namespace as the DruidConnection.
```
